I
Think this is the shower all the other words
Mean town is now in session
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown
I
So it's it's it's emmy night and
And I just flew back from Milwaukee and so bad show tonight. It's a bad show tonight
But you guys brave traffic, and I thank you for that
I was in Milwaukee doing it in town to do a show with the who's live anyway with you know Ryan styles and Greg Proops and Joel Murray and
You and I get a text from Cody dance girlfriend. Are you Milwaukee? Yeah, I'm at the spy themed
Bar restaurant called the safe house. I'm staying at the Fister hotel the whole the hilariously named Fister hotel
You that their slogan is you brought her. Yeah
You were in town for a grandma funeral, right? Yeah, my my dad's mom passed away
She she accomplished her mission. She was a just just pushing 90
And and the
Dementia which we're learning new things about this ago
We all maybe have it like like we all just kind of have it in varying degrees and then
But but like you know, it's it's really kind of like the the tragically typical way to
That a story ends is that which are there my parents were moving her in the process of helping her move because the dementia
Got to a point where she really needed to live with people her husband had passed a while ago
And while packing like just the energy and the confusion of like, you know, when you're when you're a person with
In that stage of dementia all of a sudden
There's your ships being put in boxes and all this stuff and she something got triggered where she's like
I got to check on my my I got to get the cat from the basement
She doesn't have a cat in the basement and she like she fell down the stairs and
And a broker hip and they took her to the hospital and then it's this is just that the tragic ironies of like this
Is just like Joseph Campbell like like like like you have to we have to accept that our lives
the last parts of them are but like if you can't be attached to this flesh because the
The the the way we go out is so
Just ridiculous if we're lucky enough to make it through a healthy life and and just to have this this this
Chassis just rust and fall apart
You know you have to but it get because it just gets so from there
It just gets so cartoonish because they it's like you have dementia and you have a broken hips and then they are like
we can't
give her a new hip because
She won't be able to participate in her recovery because she'll forget she has a bionic hip
Which you need to you need sanctions and participation in order to have one of those things take she'll
She'll forget and she'll just she'll step on it the wrong way and she won't know what's going on
And it'll it'll get all fucked up
It'll be a fate worse than than a than a peaceful death for her
I the not that that was the only thing she was also she went into a coma
But it's also like then you also think like like oh if she comes out of this coma then she's gonna be in
In you know with her dementia. She's gonna be in bed with a broken hip for the remainder of her life
Which is though if those things start to heal they heal wrong as you have to re break them
And and she'll be she'll be coming in and out of
continuity and
Re-learning every five minutes. Oh shit. I have an incredibly painful
Thing that I didn't know about like like just imagine like that horrible kind of fate
Which is like probably really common like are you gonna like dementia being a very common way that we go out like just that?
CD skipping and and and that relationship with like this this other really common thing
Which is we all tend to kind of fall off a porch and break our hip. This is sad
I don't I'm not trying to bring everybody down, but if I did it would go something like that
But but I mean I think that's you know you're 25 you're listening to the podcast you you know
It's like like the obvious message from that is Carpe diem and like get your get your licks in place a monopoly with your family
Which is what I did
But it was such a trip like what we're driving into town
We're like you're bussing into town. We've done a show like in
Lansing or something like that the night before that we're driving to Milwaukee and I point towards the historic third word, right?
That's down with the original comedy sports was right mm-hmm and or not the original one
But the one that I met you at yeah
You were like around the corner from where Schrab and I did comedy sports before we left and I met and it's like
I was saying to the guys in the bus like oh, it's like right right down there in
1994 that's where I met Dan Harmon and Rob Schwab and
Then I got a text an hour later and you're there and you came to our show and you watched me do improv
And I was at this restaurant the spy themed restaurant called safe house and you're like that's where I first did stand up
Yeah, yeah, it was yeah
I'd be like 17 and like because they have like this spy theme there that was made it an easier place to be underage and do stand
Up because the spy thing was like what's the password and you're like gibble gobble Google and
And so like you could kind of like
Their eyes less on the prize of like law enforcement and more on like that like this whole like are you James Bond and like go through
The bookcase and all this I had to dance around like a chicken for 10 seconds
And then I didn't know that I'm also on camera and the bar
Yeah, that's the idea there is that they're the people in the front room like they're there
It's basically just like Rocky Horror Picture Show. Are you a virgin or have you been here before?
You know, it's like the password is
Where was when I was going there are you I'm looking for a safe house. First of all, that's not a word
Second of all, that's that I mean that doesn't I mean that that's what your enemies are gonna say
Right if I had said to the gal because like you walk in there
There's no sign for it. There was me and then and this like this other woman like like like, you know
Like early 30s gal like walking up and she's like, do you know where this place is? I'm like, I'm looking
I just yelped veggie burger and I that's why I'm here
and and she's like I think oh and then there's a girl like it like dressed like as a little secretary and as a switchboard and
It's all old-timey and she's like you guys know the password. It says like international exports
Something like that and she's like you know the password like no, I don't it's like well
Then I'm gonna send you on a mission to old McDonald's farm. You have to click like a chicken and dance around in circles for 10 seconds
If I had said no
Like I want to go have a veggie burger. She wouldn't let me in right you she's not allowed to say go fuck yourself
No, I don't know. I'm sure that's a subject of every morning meeting there depending on
Depending on how business is doing, you know, I don't know. I
Maybe maybe for a happy hour. I don't know if like that guy from bar rescue came in
Maybe he'd yell at them. I go you're you're turning people away
What what's out the door? What's out the door?
You see out there a street
A street in a city which which city
Milwaukee the biggest cheese and beer
The capital in the world you need to go turn around. I've rescued your bar. It's called cheese ballers
Anyway, sorry, I got carried away doing observational comedy with a cable show that were you doing a depression of an actual thing?
John taffers like you've never seen bar rescue. You gotta watch a couple of episodes
Fuck it. No, I don't I'll give you some I'll give you some starter points first bar rescue for watch the pirate bar episode
I think it's in Pittsburgh. Is that where it is? Where at Maryland?
Wait, Maryland. Okay. It's in Silver Spring. Okay
But also no matter what episode you watch
Watch it with your laptop open to Facebook and just type in the name of the bar
While you're watching the episode because the episode always ends with it being rescued and then you always you just go to
You go to the their Facebook page, and there's always a blog entry. That's like, so here's the thing these fuckers
Like they left and then just blazing saddles fell apart
They installed some unlicensed beer taps in the walls that were shaped like hands because
He's just said that hands were an important thing with our demographic and now there's just hands dripping illegal booze
Everywhere that the bar they made was out of one by fours
This is like you had turned my eggs in it was was was blazing saddles in there
Is that an actual one? No, no, I'm saying like blazing saddles. They make a fake town and
It's like they kind of like they're a TV show
I mean though TV shows have line producers line producers jobs are to like save money
They're rescuing a bar and saving money for the TV show about how the bar got rescued largely in tales
Making it look a lot like a rescued bar from certain angles
And then leaving as it falls apart behind you. That's how you keep your job as a line producer
Did I meet this person through you the person that is there a gay bar call blazing saddles? It's like it's like a it's kind of like I
Mean it got to be you Dan because you're you're my go-to for gay bar
I information it sounds like a rehab program. I forget who told me the story, but like this guy
Is there a gay bar called blazing saddles where it's kind of like like
Coyote ugly with a dance, but it's all gay bar and stuff and
Apparently it's like it's like a huge. It's like huge money-making like enterprise. This guy was
married a woman she'd do she cheated on him right off the bat, but her but her family was the mob
like she was like straight up like mafia family and this guy married into this family and
She cheated on him, but the family didn't want any disgrace
So the bomb mob boss said to this guy like he was just telling the story to this woman like at another bar in New York
Maybe Dino told me the story
Like my wife cheated on me and I went and then her father called me and said look
It's not gonna be public. We're not gonna talk about it. She cheated on you. We know about it
Anything you want. Here's a beer. They gave him a bag of money
Like and said whatever you need. Let me know and he goes
I want to open a bar and he because he'd met this woman at another bar and said I want to open a gay bar called blazing saddles
Where the people get up and dance around and whatever. He's not gay. He's never opened a bar
He and so he went to the guy said you're like you can't open a bar in New York without the mobs consent
Because you like you have to like there's so much. I think I read that on the subreddit
He opened a gay bar with this person with a bag full of mob money and and the mobs like blessing and now he's like worth a
Fucking fortune because his wife made the movie based on the bar or that it. No, it might not be called blazing saddles
I think it
I'll throw up the story. I was like I can't do it with the perfect joke. It's like Jeff
You just remember you don't have a cat in the basement
Do I have to mention that I make this whole thing up
Well, we all do is what I was what I'm I went saw blazing saddles in the theater
They showed up the arc light because a gene gene Wilder is a sad demise went and saw one of my favorite movies of all time
Blazing saddles. It was so fun to watch it people that knew the movie laughing like crazy
Millennials that had never seen it were like bummed out
because
there's
There's n bombs. Yeah bombs. Yeah, I mean I when I watch that movie apparently
I am I am running a millennial emulator because I'm always like what the fuck? I?
Like this is like spaceballs in the west
Anyways, but
Let's bring out Rob Schrab
He's the best friend
What okay? Wait, I heard you. I don't know about this technology
Can I get a little more of that apparently apparently some guy named Reggie Watts knows about it. That's a
That's what I learned last last week because I was like I was listening to hip-hop because I was like as I was fine
I didn't want to become one of the I didn't want to go
I didn't want to become like the the rapping guy that like is rapping like 20 years ago
This is unavoidable. I mean, I'm not I was never but I just want I said your name's Dan Harmon
And you're here to say yeah that you like to do a rap
I'll pass every day last time you listened to anything rap oriented and I so I went to my Apple music with my little
Wrinkled finger and I I pressed play on some picture of a rapping man, and I
And I listened for ten songs, and I was like holy shit these guys number one very sad very lonely
Very very very emo really. I think it was what we would have called it and and but also very
Auto-tuned and by auto-tuned. I mean
No autonomy and no tune like like it's just the whole it's it's like it's the same as with record scratching like
When in the 80s where it was like it just because of Herbie Hancock and the like like everyone's
For a large period of time you had to have
Record scratching in your song, but it's like this is it's like everyone has to be auto-tuned. Yeah
Yeah, can you share voice share voice?
share voice
Dan I think what Rob is asking is it if you believe in life after love
Yeah, I mean I don't think I mean this is a vocoder. I don't think it simulates give it a shot. It doesn't
A little short Irish man that grant wishes I fucked your mama so hard she did the dishes
I went to the kitchen said quit your bitch. She's gonna give you a little shit
So I gave her a litch and she said what's this? I said don't ask
I went up to the attic and installed some
insulation
Weatherproof in your home. Do you believe in weatherproof in your home?
How can you proof against something that's a phenomenon older than your own species?
Dance don't weatherproof
Dance isn't weatherproof
Yic yic a yicky the yak you fucked your mama so hard. I put her pussy in a tater sack
She won a three let me praise with my dick
And a father daughter picnic that's that's how hard I fucked her
I
Fucked your mama so hard. She became a boy scout event
Yo, but back to the things you believe in or not
Yo
Dateline Loch Ness I fucked your mama for her dress. It was consensual. She liked to be ravished
That's what they called it back then
Ravishing
Hashtag rape culture
Okay, okay. All right. Hashtag rap culture
Bringing it back taking back the night I went on the banks of Loch Ness and studied all night
Until I saw a little head coming out took a photo of it and the scream didn't shout
I prove it. I believe in the Loch Ness monster. Yeah, that shit was a log
It was a piece of floating wood
Cautionary tale those airplane tickets cost me $8,000
It's like it's like I never left
It's like I never left that was amazing. Thank you what we have been just
Living in twilight until you had this thing. Yeah, I have good ideas about
About what the show needs
I also we need a big screen up here so that they can see stuff that we bring up and then we could do the whole
Graham Norton thing
I could go look at this dog on the internet and everybody'd be like, whoa, dude. We could be ellen and I want to look at the dog
I want to look at the dog. Yeah, you want to look at the dog. I want to look at the dog. What's but you know what?
You can't look at the dog
when
When your show is wack
Maybe maybe that should be on a stand or something
I mean, I mean it looks cool when you bend over like
Like that
I don't think there's any reason to do anything but you doing that with that vocoder
I kind of did that last week. You know, you know, let's you know, I got overdue last week. I was working man. I know
No, I wasn't I wasn't yelling. Yeah
I heard it was a good show that I heard you and Andy Dick got that down to some serious
I'd like to have Andy back Andy was very
Andy was wonderful. Yeah, I would like to have him back
You know, he started when he started he told the story about being Andy Dick at a Starbucks
I thought was very it was kind of enthralling. Yeah, I'm out of breath from bending over
To press comedy rap buttons
I
There were warning signs
I gotta get on that elliptical man
You have one leave. He's not in his head. Do you have one at the crib? You got you got an elliptical out the house?
Yeah, you don't you don't use it
I'm getting around to it. I need a special outfit
I can't get on it in my underwear
You're at your own house. You can do whatever you like. You can you need a track suit
Yeah, I need to get a special a special special special tracksuit pop over pop over dan go to lululemon and treat yourself
Even though they're sweatshops and you know what that means. Is that a new sponsor?
All right, I'm sure we they could be
Can we talk I'd like to talk about something because I've done a lot of traveling. Um, I just want to talk I don't want okay
The airlines this airline that airline they're the worst they're the best whatever
What all of them all the airlines?
What the fuck is going on?
What is our relationship supposed to be with that fucking seatbelt sign?
What is it supposed to symbolize? What does it mean?
Like the more questions you ask the more data you gather the more experiments you do
Whether it's getting up when that thing's lit or waiting for it to turn green or having a conversation with one of these
people
Like it's like all it the truth that just comes to light is like well, okay if we had it our way you'd always be sitting
Okay, but you can't always sit you're on a fucking plane for three hours
So there's a light that's just always on that's like
It's a green light with a picture of a seatbelt with the arrow going the seatbelt is unlatched
But the arrow is going like this like like this this seatbelts going to get latched on the sun
Okay, so that would seem to indicate
Fasten your seatbelts everybody which they make you do at the top of the flight
They never turn that fucking thing off ever if you ever have to take a shit like they don't you just get up and you're like
You know it just it's always random the interaction you have they're like we'd like you to sit
And so if you really have to take a shit real bad you go I got to take a shit real bad
They're like well, I have no I have no legal right to stop you
Yeah, they're they're not allowed to if you want to get up you can get up and you can go do it
But they are legally bound to say we don't advise it. We can't say you should yeah
So expressing that with a sign that's like just a thing that's lit up like that's very
That's just boy who cried wolf because it's just like okay
You know I'm just going to ignore everything that you do like because like what is this my sign problem on planes is that there's the
there's the sign for the lavatory and it's a man and a woman and the woman is
designed as
There's there's a man and a woman standing in between there's a sink in between them right and on a pedestal and it was a toilet
Yeah, or it's a little like it's a little sink kind of thing a basin
It's a basin in the middle on a pedestal, but the thing is if you turn that basin over that's the woman's dress
She's dressed like an upside-down sink
I find that very diminishing
Click she's a receptacle. Yeah, or or
Or or or or or a or an agent of hygiene
I don't know. Maybe they're cleaner than us
Like next time look at that sink and then look at the woman. She's just an upside-down sink with a head on top of it
they don't know what they're doing on these things and
And it's disturbing because obviously I probably don't have to point this out
It's like a 90 ton piece of metal that they fling into the air and rely on some weird
pre-Newtonian principle
To just keep it going like a paper airplane those things aren't like spaceships where it's like
You know there's thrusters and stuff on there
But really the whole thing is like there's like little fans in there that if the plane's already in the air
It tends to stay in the air
That's what a turbine is as I understand it just air is rushing through the thing
And then the things spin because air is coming through and because the things spin the plane stays up
Like there's a problem with that system
If that thing gets trans what if someone turns the air off?
Like god
Which he sometimes does and probably will if we keep this up if the if if if if one of the engines
Turn off the wind. He's gonna turn off though. What if he just start what if god just says, okay for the next 10 seconds
I just want to write can I get everyone's attention. Well put your seatbelt on
If god if god hey, I don't know what the symbol is but if if god turns off the air ladies and gentlemen
Please put your seat belt on
Put your seat belt on I asked god just turned off the air
Put your seat belt on and hug the person next to you
Well, that's what i'm saying. It's an ungodly thing getting on these things and
and people are dying all the time and
I just like we don't pay any attention to it
We're just like do you think the guy in the cockpit has a degree in this shit like he I don't know. I don't think so
I think he's
I think he's wearing like a little captain crunch outfit and like I
From my experience like I don't I the average person is an idiot like just the average person because
Average IQ is 100. Yeah, do you want a 100 IQ man flying your plane or lady?
Nice say just as stupid as men give yourselves a hand
uh
The the the he's just I mean it's like with the epaulets and the things and it's like it feels like compensation
Like doesn't it man those epaulets
Wow those epaulets are really bringing me down man
I just don't believe the way I what is the thing about the epa why the epaulets though?
There's no function there. Yeah, what what's up with those epaulets because if they dressed the way that they
Only at only the level that they needed to you'd be even more freaked out because he would look like a time-warner cable guy
so they
So they have to look true
We're more comforted when they dress like captain crunch. We think okay. We want that. Yeah
I want more. I want more of that like if a guy with like two sets of epaulets came on
I would be holy shit. We got a really good pilot here
They kind of do like a good cup bad cup thing like if the stock is wavering
They're like we got to amp this up. Well, it's just scenario seven so that's like a guy comes on with epaulets. He goes
Uh, we're we're gonna we're everybody buckle up
We're gonna go over the Grand Canyon and then another guy comes on with like two epaulets and goes like get out of here
Get out of here go over the Grand Canyon. That's a big hole. Yeah
Sorry about that ladies and gentlemen. I'd be up front like yeah, come on. Thank you for flying united. I'm captain. No
colonel
John Jommer from yeah
We're gonna fly around to the Grand Canyon. Nice like you should when there's a big hole in the earth
That's the whole point of a plane to not crash into shit. Don't fly over the Grand Canyon. Yeah, I'm gonna fly around it
You buckle up. You know what don't buckle up
Because it won't matter turn the light off do jumping jacks take two iPads plug them both in and rub them on a laptop
And and do little Elvis kicks because if I'm doing my job, right?
That's what you can do because that's what rich people do when they get in their private jets
They don't have seatbelts up. Let's make an okay go video right now
I'm gonna turn this shit upside down
Denzel style
Denzel
Denzel. Yeah, I know it doesn't you reduce him in stature. It's Denzel
You make you make him sound like a forgotten reindeer
I'd dash or I'd prance or Denzel
Denzel whatever
You can you're there for redundancy in case
Jasher and prancer like have a bad back Denzel. Yeah Denzel comes off the bench
Yeah, if if if Blitzen has a sword
Or sully hey, so
So cody cody got uh, which she got an uber from my place after we got home from the airport and her uber driver's name was strategy
Was it really yeah, I know it was strategy. Well, I mean was it right? It was on the screen. Yeah, I had a uber guy named Beethoven
These are guys who obviously in their former name they did something really terrible
As an uber driver or they switched uber accounts. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, yeah strategy. That's good. Yeah, that's their other reddit account
Because you never know like like what can people see when I do you go on reddit? Do you do you if you stop doing that?
Do you look at your reddit for porn?
or for
Reddit has porn
Yeah, it has uh, it has highly sordid curated hierarchically arranged porn with
You can comment on it and get up voted and down voted it's
Of everything you could ever gain from reddit is as applicable as to porn as everything else
Uh, Duncan. No, I don't really I don't really frequent reddit because I'm a narcissist and I haven't like I
I I the the my favorite thing about reddit was like, you know, I'd go to walks
Community and the rick and morty and the Dan Harmon and stuff and I just it's too
I'm too loathsome a person to
to to and too narcissistic to to continue to
Disappoint people as a human being on this level and then also read about myself incessantly
Uncle Dennis is here
I have a real Uncle Dennis. I met him. I'm bad at making up names. So
For Uncle Dennis if he's I brought Uncle Dennis to your impromptu show. Yeah, it's fun. And he yeah, he had a blast
Because he's a fan
And it was a very funny show. Thank you. You and Ryan Stiles did the uh, did uh, Neil Diamond and Gordon Lightfoot singing a duet
And it was really funny. Remember when we went to see Neil Diamond in Las Vegas?
Yeah
Well, we went we went to see
Remember this do you remember we had not well. I remember I didn't go but I
I was on mushrooms and you came back from
Concert and it was like three hours on a hotel room floor
Listening to Rob describe the Neil Diamond concert. That was my Neil Diamond concert
I got that was the best. I got to go backstage with sam slammin who got us the tickets and we we met
Uh, we met Neil Diamond for the show and I was really excited about that and uh
As I've seen like at that point I said like I think I've seen him eight times in concert
At that I think that was my sixth time and so I meet Neil Diamond right before the show and I go
Mr. Diamond's pleasure to meet you. This is my this will be my sixth time seeing you and he takes my hand and he goes
A fan
And then the groovy as part of it was that his uh
Uh, uh his assistants like this big bouncer guy like he's kind of like handler and like bodyguard guy
Had a wind up like disposable camera
And he goes get together and he took like snap snap snap
Wine wine wine snap and and and then gave me the camera and he goes keep it
Neil Diamond has become a human wedding
I didn't give you a mason jar and he's like look
We're free refills and then and then you can you can use it at home. So I
When I would go see Neil Diamond in concert
I would always try to predict what the first song he would sing would be and and and I one time I was right about it
But usually you're not right because you've got a million songs. Um, so we we're leaving him and uh, it was me drew carry
Sam and I think nick vanne was back there too because our friend like produced like Neil Diamond a long time ago or something
And uh, we're leaving and I said, well, hey have a great show. Uh, give him hell out there
And he goes Neil Diamond goes like what?
Like I was leaving and the director of saving silverman was there like like they just made that movie
So he was talking to him and I go give him hell and he goes what I go
Give him hell man. Like I have a good show. He was like
We will
And he's like give me a weird look. I'm like, okay. All right, man. I know I mean like knock him dead like give him
Hell is like what? Yeah, how dare you so we leave and sam was like, what the fuck was that about?
I'm like, I don't know
The first song
It was a new song. He had called give him hell
Totally
You're not supposed to fucking know that jack. How did that leak? Yeah, how did that leak at a time of no leaks?
The IT guy told me it was airtight tonight
Man stage with you and I'm doing Neil Diamond
Uh, can you honor tune Neil Diamond? How would that work? Yes? Yes?
Do you have a song that might work for that? Let's see
Far
We've been traveling far
Without a home. Oh wait, our home is the village of mushrooms because I sound like a smurf
No, I think the answer is you can't do Neil Diamond
Not a tune
My friend Johnny Polanski is a guy. I played some of his music on the show before
He was he's a session guitar player and he did a I think 12 songs was like one of Neil Diamond's last records
Is that Rick Rubin maybe?
And so he worked with Neil for a few weeks and I'm a as I say like I'm a giant Neil Diamond fan
So I made him tell me a thousand stories Neil would come in every morning without his toupee
And he wore a denim jumpsuit like a onesie
I'd like just denim and then he and like 10 a.m. He'd have a cognac like jean jammers
I'm sorry jean jammers like jean jammers
Wait a second
Just keep doing that. That makes me so happy
But uh, so so he would just come in just like brandy and a cigar and he would talk he never talked to my friend Johnny and uh
When Johnny was finally done. He was wrapped on it and he was packing up his guitar leaving for the final day
Neil comes out of the booth and he's like, hey, you're Johnny, right? Because yeah, look, I'm sorry
I didn't really get to talk to you that much
Uh, but it was really pleasure working with you and if I ever do another record, I want you to be on it
Because you're I like you I like I like what you do and Johnny's like, thanks, man
I absolutely and he was Johnny. Let me tell you something
You're a real motherfucker, and I mean that and I mean that in the best possible way
You could you could do worse. Yeah, I fucking knew worse than oh my god. I look I
Um despite all outward appearances, I'm straight, but I would I would make out with Neil diamonds
I would fucking make out with Neil diamond. I would have made out with bowie bowie and Neil. I would have fucking
I would totally make out with
Uh, but that's it
Spencer
Oh, spencer is uh, taking a spencer is spencer's feels like shit and we said we text him
He said i'm gonna bow out of the show tonight and we he said I feel like shit
We said someone said like diarrhea and and and he said it takes more than that to keep me down
Or something like that. I paraphrase, but
So whatever it is, it could be emotional diarrhea
You know the price of spencer psychologically, you know like like being spencer. I mean, can you imagine what goes on up there?
I said, I had a pretty good colonic this morning
You know, you know, wait, wait, wait, put a pin in that for one second. I did
You did put a pin in it. Is that why you needed that colonic?
Are you one of those guys the needles on the on the ballpoint those guys? I'm your friend
I want to know why you put a pin and rob is pretty well because because I was gonna
I do think it's kind of funny the idea that the oj simpson thing is dominating the emmy's because when you looked at the
Credits of that of that very enjoyable show
It was like literally everybody like like if that show sweeps the emmy's it's almost sort of like
Like everybody worked on that like they weren't there like brilsteins and grays and the and also like people that don't even like they were
Like it was the the the god the larry
Scott alexander's in the like the it was like
Every single human being that had ever made anything for television or movies had had some kind of like credit on that show
So now they're like sweeping the emmy's and it's like are they happy or sad about that?
Is this the a travolta one? Yeah, okay. Yeah, I just wanted you know
They go to the parties and I was like 500 people and they all have emmy's and it's like you guys already had them
Or oscars and like like and you didn't beat any of each other. So there's no satisfaction there. They must be bummed out
That's my thing. I bet they're like going to each other in like smaller groups and going like man
This emmy's worth nothing. I know right because the guy we hated is also working on it
Yeah, all right
I guess I guess I guess I am different than the audience
I guess I do think about different shit. I'm just
Speaking maybe I'm an artist speaking of different shit Rob. Let's talk about your calling. Let's talk about this high colonic
We can edit out my shitty observations about the emmy's. No, it was good. Have you ever tried these colonics? They're great
Not a I've only only never a high one. What's a high colonic? I've never I've never I don't know what a
It seems like if it's high you're doing it wrong. I don't know what you're talking about
I just have a regular high colonic is the yeah, you see you go to somebody they put a put a hose up your butt. What happens?
Yes, yeah, yeah, I went to this I went to the lady and she and she
I've been going for a while and I was a little skeptical
But I I'm I'm all right with it. It's not too bad. It's good. It's good
She she she did say the first time I did it. It's like I don't use an adult one. I use a child applicator
And I was like does that mean it's like
Besides a little boys dick
A look wait wait wait wait. Oh my okay. Okay. All right. Yeah. I
Roller coaster ride can I rewind a little bit on that one?
I thought I thought you were I thought you were being flattered because she was implying that your butt hole was as tight
as a little boys
But then you wouldn't even
I don't know what's going on behind my back. All she said is like use most most colonic
Doctors use well, she's not a doctor, but most colonic
She's just a person I met at a bar somewhere
She said she does tarot readings and then right right right
And then weirdly, but I use a child whether it's the fool or the death guard. She's like, you know what that means
She's saying you got a lot of extra shit
She said I'm I'm going to give you the child one because that's better than the adult one
But your thing is that you think it was supposed to be more like a little because it's
More like a little boys penis. Well, not a little girls
You think the colonic instrument is is built on being a dick girth. Yeah
Well, I mean
Maybe I I'm just assuming I just I don't know how I've never had a colonic
So like did they they're great
But you sound attentive you said it was only pretty good
They're pretty I and it wasn't too bad. It was all right. I like I mean like I
I mean I feel a lot healthier. Do they insert the instrument up your butt? Yes, I got and so you got the baby one
I got the baby one because of your delicious
Well, no, she didn't she's your words not mine
She well, she's something I really love she said other my colleagues use a larger gauge
of
animator
The the animator. Yeah, because the enema of my enema is my friend
I keep my I keep my enema's close. Yeah
I keep my emanator even closer
Friends keep your enema's closer with the new triple gauge animator
No, okay, so really you're not giving us any of the information that we actually want which is
Why what what did you do?
What does a person that goes and gets a colonic?
What are they experiencing that makes them want to go get one? I I have a parasite. You have a parasite
Yeah, I'm trying to get rid of all the the grabboids in my intestinal tract. What the fuck for you millennials
Those are the monsters from tremors. Yes
No, I
I've got a parasite. You got a sandworm in your butt. I have a sandworm in my butt
Now am I in my intestinal tract? What is it a tapeworm?
It could be I don't know I'm not necessarily sure but I've been I've been taking like massive amounts of I haven't been
I haven't been very well
How could you have been you have been since the age of
30 like like obsessed with cleaning your butthole
Yes, to the point where you've scalded it in the past and we've we just go back through the archive. We've covered this several times
Meanwhile, I could be said certainly that superman's lex luther like I
I am I am not from that planet
I if anything I push the limits of right of of of of of of what you should do when like I
But you gave yourself an accidental some cavemen. We've transported through time
Observing me for a week would go dude
It's a butt you got to wipe it more than that
You're gonna go back out and collaborate with your friends
You gave yourself an accidental colonic in your bathtub back in the day. Yes. I did that will I will never forget it
Yeah, yeah, I
accidental
how
Accidental because I had jets in my tub that I was excited to use. I bought a new house. There were jets
So your ass was up against the side of the tub
Yeah, because well
Yeah, but well dot dot dot
Explain that what is it? No, I did I've explained it on the podcast. I mean, it's I look I'm not he would jerk off
But he would get his butt up against the jet and it wasn't an accident. No, it wasn't
But put his ass up against the jet and then he was surprised that it was weird
No, I I was surprised when water was strange off my asshole and filled me up like a water balloon
Because because before that all it did was tickle the rim and make me happier
But then one day I like I just I flew too close to the sun as Jeff said and I
And I was like I was scissoring and like like I you know you
You you get used to shit
This is why I'm afraid to fly because the guys in the cockpit like it's like how soon
You start to take technology for granted like like like you know these guys are like, how do you know the guy in the
You don't know what they're doing in the cockpit the doors closed. They could be treating it like a DVR. They're just like
Yeah, I don't know it usually does this and I was like so oh, yeah
So I had gotten accustomed to like okay. Yeah a little jet on my little I'm a little poo poo
He ain't hurt no one like no, it's like ain't nobody's business
But your own little stimulation down there where there's some extra nerve
Also, you you were super excited back then because you were taking baths daily. Yeah, you were the you were and that's why you were shining
Like the Chrysler building. Yes
This is a lot of people die hard fans are like why am I being punished for being a fan? I know all this, you know
It's like like like like like we need a little Stanley in the corner to just like have it be on the video feed
with a him coming up and going like
Web heads will remember that
Yeah, Dan got a tub and was fucking jerking off like a crazy person like and had discovered like jets on his butthole
And then one day I was like I went too far and the setting was too high and it just like it's that difference
You know when you take a water balloon and like you can if you hold it underneath the faucet just turn on the faucet
Like no water's gonna go in that water balloon and then there's that day with that moment
Like I just like all of a sudden and it's like a binary thing. It's either happening or not
And like it was just like all of a sudden. I was like, oh, yeah
like
it was like
There's there's probably people in the audience who know who are more who are more
You know, they they take their butt for more of a ride, you know, like like they're more they're more experts in this
Kind of off-roading thing. They're like, yeah, I know exactly what happened. Your v8 got in the front wheel drive and
Like that happened to me in Kentucky
on a four-wheeler and
But I was like this was the I was I was just I was a newcomer to the whole involving the button anything other than
Than the the just the for a sharpie. Yeah
And so all of a sudden I had the sensation that I've never had before which is which was the
In reverse the sensation of pooping
It was like all of a sudden there was just like all so so much like just filling me up
In a place where I was like
And I like got up out of the tub and like went over to the toilet instinctively and sat down on it
And I was like and then it was just like flood came out and I was like, oh, I just gave myself an accidental enema
And how did you feel it's pretty good pretty good?
It was good. Has the show really become this easy?
Fuck it
Where are our standards anyway?
It's it's emmy night folks
All the craftsmen are at parties and crafts ladies
Crafts ladies, um except for I guess ucp not doing so good
When do you leave us for uh for uh lego january? Yeah, yes, you're gonna be gone for a while
Two years
No
Where are you guys shooting now shooting?
It's it in vancouver
Canada, you know
Do you think it's only two hours away you'll come visit right?
What's up with those delays we read about in the trades? What did you do wrong?
Uh, I don't know what you're talking about and I can't say anything about it. It was in the papers. It said lego movie
Going to fucking delayed fucking
Uh director, uh on
colonic
I'm taking I'm taking a year off for uh massive colonics
A tune-up like chevy a tune-up. Yeah, just a tune-up
tune-up
I like I mean look if he's in rehab, but in the article I read she said chevy was going in for alcohol related problems
Alcoholism. Yeah. Yeah, he did however somebody pointed out. He did leave a very uh very concise
Uh, I think chevy, you know, like he would he's the last person to
What if you if you listed his crimes or or bad qualities that would definitely not on that list would be
like
Uh shame like he's not like he would he loves as long as it's funny like he'll share stuff and kind of guy
I don't think it was his idea to like downplay it or or welly and double speak the idea of going into rehab because he left a
uh, it was on his uh, what's that dumb thing that's like to twitter for
Celebrities who say like like it's like, oh you're famous. Why should you do what normal people do like like that?
That that that selfie you took might be worth money one day
Don't give that away. Isn't that what that thing is? I don't know. Did I just get sardonic about something for no reason?
All I know is it was it was like a little paragraph and he said uh, I'm going in because
My love of vodka needs to be something I am paraphrasing
But it was it was it was it was all very clear
He's like I'm going in because my my family's I don't want them to have to worry about me and like like all that stuff
I don't know how that tune-up stuff. That's probably some spokesman who
Trying to do their job the right way trying to protect and all this stuff and mitigate like and then it gets
Then that becomes the funny thing. It's like get this he's going in for a tune-up
Why are you sitting over there? Why did you go?
Are you like the new Spencer? Is that the they no, I'm I'm the old Rob
No, don't like that's what you're doing like I
That was don't feel bad. No, it isn't bad sir. It's it's very good. Oh, oh god
Okay, all right. I like it over here
I don't okay
I don't I don't I don't like don't fight me
I
Because every day is sixth grade for me. That's
Finally now I can I suck at that trough?
I don't like that the flight attendant welcomes you to the city that you're arriving in with them
It just seems
It's just a little bit of a needless mindfuckie like
Bullying thing. Yeah, I'll call it what it is bullying
Why is it why is it welcome to Chicago and it's like you just got here too motherfucker?
Why is that bullying though, why is that bullying because the unspoken part of that is you'd newbie
You piece of shit that would that if the plane crashed would fall for the float cushion thing while I sprung out in a
inspector gadget parachute
You might be reading into that a little
You might might be reading into that. I think they're just trying to be nice to you
Welcome to welcome to Chicago. They say yeah, yeah, they
I also don't like I guess I guess there's no direct flights from Los Angeles to Milwaukee
But I get and I I was like it's a real drag like you can't for real. Yeah
No, wow, but I guess that's I was thinking I was thinking about it
I was like well, okay, so we're flying from LA to phoenix and then from phoenix to Milwaukee and that's
That might be better. I guess because like well if you're flying from Los Angeles to Milwaukee
like
Statistically speaking like the reason for that is that something's gone wrong
Southwest I think I think southwest goes direct is the only direct flight to Milwaukee, but they suck
Are the other ones that do the comedy the con?
Yes, they they do like the the the fucking Muppet voices and donald duck shit
It's just a piece of shit. It's like a bus with wings. They just like oh hey get on board
I hope you get a seat and somebody's sitting on the floor
There's two people with chickens next to you. It's the worst
I got on a plane a few days ago. Where was I coming back from I forget?
and I was
I walked up to the gate right at boarding time
I didn't know if I was late or earlier or whatever and I said that are you boarding?
Uh, yeah priority. Are you priority? I'm like, yeah, I'm first class. I got on
I was the first person on the plane. I didn't know that was not intentional. I thought maybe I was a couple minutes late
I found a $20 bill
On the jet bridge like a little walkway
And I just went at doing can if I can put that in the old pocket
Okay, all right
And I get on the plane and then there's two flight attendants there and they're like, oh, are we boarding already?
I didn't realize we were boarding. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, we're right up right this way. Like where'd you see like I'm in 2a
And I sat down and like I was the very first person on so it wasn't like somebody was on that plane
I dropped that money. Maybe it was one of the flight attendants. I don't know
Um, so I'm sitting there and I got the $20 in my pocket
And we get up we get in the air
And the the flight attendant comes down through all the people in first class. Hey, did somebody drop $20?
I
Meaning like we're like, I was like, no
I I did not drop $20. I did the opposite of dropping well, I did
But I was like
That meant it was hers, right?
But she was trying to lay a little trap there like no, I found $20 and she would go mine
I don't know. I don't know
But like
Did somebody else drop $20 too? It was very confusing. She's like, I lost $20. Well, I know if I ask if anyone found it
The answer will be no, but maybe if I say
Has anyone lost 20
Somebody would go. Oh, I feel so guilty. It's like I wouldn't you're supposed to yell fire instead
But then I went I went and bought my girlfriend
cigarettes with it
$20 cigarettes
I got her a couple how long are they?
They're the extra longs
But then she we walked out and she goes, you know that like that that was counterfeit
I'm like, what she's like. It was it was printed all wrong. The borders were all fucked up
I think I think I've picked up and stole and
I think like like like like some like
Some major awesome like criminal was like taking that plane and was dropping counterfeit 20s
Like they like a bullet hole in his duffel bag or hers
Like like like was was like hemorrhaging counterfeit 20s or something
Yeah, yeah
And that and that so that it was that that you found one and then someone else found another one
It was like a summer drop in 20s all over the place and there's like a guy bleeding out and then
In coach the guy just another martini
No, no, haven't seen any errands 20s
Because he got shot
Yeah, I don't know. I'm not gonna make up the whole to live in die in LA kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah to live in die in LA
Yeah, fine. I'm derivative. All right, but wow
So defensive. Yeah, you're not just came back from Milwaukee. I have like a lot of like
I got along with my mom for two days. So now I'm back here and I'm like, what'd you mean by that?
What'd you mean by that? What'd you mean by that?
I had to go somewhere it is an amazing city because like I met the nicest people and like just like
Like people that were there to see my show
But also our fans of Harmontown or rick and morty, whatever
There is this awesome openness and sweetness to the Midwest and to Milwaukee in particular
But also a lot of like weird like
Not not shame or self. It was just so self-effacing, right? Yes. Yeah, you're yes
They they they they they diminish themselves in your eyes
Yes, because the people who draw focus get kicked out
Of Milwaukee, uh, like me and Trump. No, it's it. Yeah, it's like it's it's it's very similar
I mean, it's geographically and I think genetically and culturally and psychologically and spiritually like a very close cousin to Canada
I mean, it's like you're you're right up there. You're you're a hop skip and a jump
You're in a very cool. You're in a climate that's like inhospitable like you're in God's crosshairs
If you if you if you get cocky then the question becomes why are you so cocky?
Why don't you go somewhere warm? So the answer has to be don't get cocky don't get cocky
that has to be the mantra of
Of a more seasonal climate
And and Milwaukee's like that. So so on the surface of it. There's this wonderful
Humility and and camaraderie fraternity or sorority
You are fucking nailing it today. I'm fucking like I I'm I'm inclusiving the fuck out of tonight
Like tomorrow's uh headlines are gonna be like Dean Harmon included everybody
After the fact. Yeah. Well, is it yeah asterisks were flying and and all benefited women were receiving their their alms
um
On the tails of sentences with a with a appendage. Uh uh, uh, um
Caps were doffed to the fairer sex at a speed uh comparable only to the bionic uh, uh, advocate
Of a lesser known franchise from the seventies
Gentlemen, we can rebuild him with an understanding that women are human.
Take that corrupt lumberjack.
You could have been a woman.
Or lumberjill.
All right.
He plussed it.
Wait.
No.
What is that?
Okay.
Well, yeah, if you're there for, I mean, it's like the surface of that Milwaukee thing.
It's really beautiful.
I understand.
It's a great city.
It's by a great lake.
It's a great place by a great lake.
That's so dumb.
It's a great place by a great lake?
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, what do you want?
All right.
I wanted a better motto.
We can't just say, we make the beer.
Because we largely don't anymore.
They don't make the beer.
Yeah.
Anyways, underneath it, because it comes from, I think, self-loathing, so there's like benefits
to, there's a cushion on top of you when you arrange yourself around a religion of humility.
Like, you're like, who am I to say?
Who am I?
That's like a very Midwestern thing.
Like, what do I know?
And all this stuff.
But that doesn't automatically make you a good person.
And it doesn't automatically mean a conversation with you, like everyone walks away not having
their soul stolen.
Like, because when that's your religion, it's like also like, well, then it's, you have
to kind of question everything.
You have to question all ambition.
You have to question, and there's no such thing as a typical anything, so don't get offended
if you're listening in Milwaukee and going, this isn't me.
You don't understand anything.
I'm just talking about a artificial construct, a median.
But that's my, that's my kind of feeling about that compass is like, oh yeah, on one hand,
like I'm so grateful I grew up somewhere where you're, it's a crime to think that you're
all that.
Like it's just a straight up fucking social crime that especially back then was like way
higher than when we were still just, when the definition of feminism was still believing
women can do better.
The, the, the, the, it was like, we first and foremost were like, don't get cocky.
Like, your friend, your old friend and now my new ish friend, Dave Friedel, his toes
are falling off.
Like he's got no toes on one of his feet.
He has, we call him Friedel and now he has several free toes.
And his 9-11.
All right.
Don't cheer that, a lot of people died.
He, he, a lot of people died in that day.
Don't, don't share it.
Please don't share it.
But Friedel.
Defensive.
Friedel handles that with such like, I don't get why people were cheering.
They were like, ooh, woo, woo, yeah.
Our, our, our audience, Rob, I don't know if you know this is mostly Al-Qaeda.
We got a couple, we got a couple Isis.
That's mostly old school, just straight up Taliban.
Actually.
That's why I, I, I have, I have Al-Qaeda, like parasites.
That's why I was doing the, I think that was Candida though.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Candida?
What?
Do you think there's places in like, like little cloisters where, where like like sleeper
cells or caves or whatever we're supposed to, wherever the people that are like the,
the Adams family, the, the Nermatology that like, the, the, the, uh, like, uh, does you
think 9-11's like Cinco de Mayo?
Like they, like they kind of like, like it's more, like there's like, like there's kind
of like a little like, like there's a, do you think there's a color scheme?
I think it's, I think it's just our audience.
That's curious for 9-11.
And thousands of people in New Jersey, thousands.
I saw it.
And Barack Obama was born in the United States, period.
Can we please get back to what we were talking about?
Can you believe that fucking guy?
He's the best.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Are we annoying you?
With our birther's shit?
So what is he?
He's out of his mind.
He's going to become my hero.
He is the fucking, like just doing donuts.
Like, like, like, like there's only a, there's a certain point where he becomes a Duke of
Hazard.
And it's like, you go from like, oh, you're lying piece of shit and then all of a sudden
you just go, wait.
The Duke of Hazard.
I'd like to see that prequel.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Duke of Hazard.
Ladies and gentlemen, I, I am the Duke of Hazard.
I, here's Sergeant Lee, my car.
Sergeant?
Oh, he was back before he was a general.
Before he was a general.
But I didn't know that, that, that General Lee was originally an enlisted car.
Yes.
He rose the ranks all the way.
Holy shit.
Did you see that giant cockroach?
Giant cockroach.
Fucking crawling on the wall.
Anybody see that in the front?
That if it, if I could see it from here, I'm further back than you.
Am I in danger?
Was it by me?
What happened?
No, it was crawling on the red wall.
It's over by, it's, it's over by Steve Levy's head.
It's probably an important time to announce that the, the meltdown is opening a restaurant.
The, the, the, the, the patty meltdown.
That was a big fucking cockroach.
The patty meltdown.
That was a big cockroach.
That was a, that was a big enough cockroach that that might have been a bat.
Yeah.
Like, we're not sure.
That was like a shadow.
It was bigger than my thumb.
I'll tell you that.
I don't like bugs.
I don't like them.
I had a spider go into my ear one time and I almost lost my fucking mind.
What?
You told, you told the story of the podcast before you, yeah, yeah.
But in the control room, you don't have to worry.
It went up in diagonal.
So it's above your heads.
Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, don't worry.
It might just descend on you at a moment's notice.
It would have to be, it would have to be a tremendously heavy, unwieldy cockroach to
fall on you.
It would, it would, it's body would have to have so much mass that it's, it's legs
designed to anchor itself in, in the ceiling would, would be, would be unable to do so.
And that's a roach that would just be off the grid, a rogue roach.
If there's one of them, there's like a thousand more in the wall.
A thousand.
None with, none with nothing to lose, like that one.
You guys are about to get creep shot.
Also, that, that cockroach is, I think like one day away from retirement.
Right.
Having hunted itself to near extinction, like having, having, having, having boxed out
all the other roaches by beating them to the dried droplets of milk under every refrigerator.
And now it's just like, I don't, I have nowhere to go.
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like the hustler.
Like I was like, there's no Minnesota fats out here for me.
And it's just like, now it's just climbing walls, like a spider.
It's just kind of like, what do I do, eat a bird now?
Do I, do I discover fire?
I think I've got like six hours left in my lifespan, I, I'm, I'm, I'm bursting with
babies.
I, I should probably just, I should probably just fall into Steve Levy's hair backstage.
Yeah.
All right.
Or write that book.
Got to write that book.
Oh, write that book.
Oh, you know, if I could give the cockroach any advice, write the book.
Write the book.
You have all the time in the world.
You think you've got more time than you do.
You do not.
I'll go further than that.
Work with a collaborator because you're busy.
You're a busy cockroach.
Yeah.
You're, you're, you're, you're running Rick and Morty, you're trying to, you're not
a cockroach.
Like how, it's not a ghost writer.
It's not the same thing.
It's a person that's there to help keep you on target and like move you along.
Are you, how's your book coming along dad?
Very well.
What's your book?
I don't know what you're talking about.
What, what are you talking about?
I care.
I don't know.
Will you tell me later?
What's it about?
I don't know man.
I'm making it up as I go.
It's just a book.
I'm like, oh, one time I fucking took a shit in a tree and then I'm like, oh, here's a
10 funny ways to make a pound cake.
I don't know.
It's like this print is dead.
You just make shit up.
You took a shit in a tree?
Yeah.
Oh, no, or did I?
Maybe I'm just trying to move books.
I don't know.
I don't even know who I am anymore.
I've become more brand than you.
What's the, what's the title of the, the book?
What is the title of the book, Dan?
You do that last.
It's called the, it's called the, the Pupin Tree.
I'll put it on the show.
You do that last?
You come up with the title last.
Who does?
The Royal U. The person writing the book.
You go, you, you write the book and then you go, now what should this be called?
That's what, how it happens?
Yeah.
In my opinion, if you're doing it right, yeah.
Okay.
Well, okay.
Here's a, here's an example of why not, why to do it that way.
The alternative would be, okay, I'm going to write a book and it's going to be called
The Boy Who Fought a Shark.
Okay.
All right.
So then you start writing.
Okay.
Once upon a time there was a boy.
Oh, and then he went to the beach.
Oh.
Oh, and then he fought a shark.
Okay.
What?
Wow.
Page one.
He fights the shark on page one.
He fights the shark?
He went to the beach and he fought a shark.
So now you're like, I'm fucked.
Oh yeah, yeah.
And then you're like, here's the thing about fighting a shark.
And then you're like, God damn it.
God damn it.
And then you're like, just the title fucked you.
Just light.
Right.
And then you come up with a name later.
Right, right, right.
I shouldn't have to tell you guys this.
You shouldn't, you shouldn't tell me it.
If the book was done now, what would it be called?
Two paragraphs about my grade school principal.
You're only two paragraphs.
And other stories.
And other ways to date in this modern world.
No, I don't know.
It would be called, no, I'm not going to, there is a conceit to it.
I'm not going to tell you because that's, when did the show become you guys violating
my NDAs?
All right.
That's always been our show.
You know, my favorite scene in the Steve Jobs movie is the, it's the one, thank you.
It's the one where he's like, where he, where he's, he's, he's on his deathbed.
It's very tender scene.
And he's got, and he goes like, wait, one more thing, spoilers.
You should, you should be able to hold the send button down halfway.
And then, and if you push it too hard, you, you have to start over.
And then, but if you, then if you swipe up, you can send confetti.
And they're like, holy shit, right up to the bitter end, that guy with the fucking ideas.
He just told us the ending balloons, balloons confetti of you, but then if you swipe right
balloons, say the apples lost its grip a little bit, but I'm still buying the thing.
Did you get the new phone?
Uh, it's common, but I'm talking, you know, have you installed the new software?
Yes.
Do you have the new software?
I don't think so.
Can you see balloons and confetti when I send them to you?
No.
Yeah.
You got to get that.
How's your eye watch, your Apple watch?
At the office.
Yeah.
That didn't, didn't, didn't stick.
It seemed really cool that I had that Apple watch seemed really cool.
Speaking, speaking.
It seemed so cool.
It was cool.
Like it was like a little, a little phone on your wrist, but it was connected to your
phone.
Right.
Is that how it was?
Yes.
Apple watch seemed kind of cool.
Seemed kind of cool.
Yeah.
Well, I, yeah, I got into a rhythm of every time I believe these people, I get my life
improves.
These people, you know, that changes.
These people.
Yes.
I mean, it's the Apple people.
Yeah, the Apple people, Dan Harmon, we're coming to your house.
We are the Apple people.
We have this new watch we want to show you.
It seems kind of cool.
How would you like to wear it for maybe nine episodes?
How did you get in here?
In 209, I'm sorry, I just wanted to talk to Dan Harmon for a second.
Apple people.
Yes.
You're in violation of the United States ordinance.
Oh shit.
3524.
I dropped the gun.
I'm dropping it.
Jesus Christ.
No.
You have nine seconds to comply.
Just let me go.
I have a wife and children.
Seven.
Please.
Six.
Please don't.
Five.
Jesus, somebody.
Four.
Six.
Help me.
Oh my God.
Two.
One.
Oh shit.
Oh right.
Go ahead.
Oh.
What?
Called you bluff.
I forgot my gun.
I'm only a prototype in 209 on trespassing duty.
I'm just supposed to roar at people and give them 10 seconds to comply.
It's okay.
I overstepped my bounds as an Apple person.
It's not you.
The system is flawed.
There's a direct implication that forces me involved and yet I can't back it up.
Don't go there.
You're not flawed.
The system's not flawed.
I'm just as much to blame as you.
Don't beat yourself up.
Ed, come on.
Sit on the couch with me for a second.
I can't sit.
Or climb stairs.
I was in the break room yesterday and I heard the only reason I'm being manufactured is
because of interference with a much more progressive anthropomorphized RoboCop project.
Now don't talk like that, Edward, please.
That's not.
You know something?
I'm a piece of shit.
No you're not.
A cautionary tale.
Look at your mirror right now.
Look at the mirror.
Look at that.
You know when I look at your mirror, look at that.
Look at you.
All you need is to comb your hair just a little bit.
Look at that.
Let's comb your hair and maybe let's flip this collar up.
Hey.
Holy cow.
Who's this handsome guy?
Look at this guy.
Yeah.
You are objectifying me using intimacy to make me feel better, but sending a larger message
that our bodies are what define us.
You have 10 seconds to apologize.
And I know you don't have a gun so this is all bullshit.
I tried to help you.
I will hashtag this and people will find out.
All right.
You know, I thought you were a good person but you're-
Oh, yeah, okay, yeah, Twitter.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Hey.
Have a nice life.
Fuckface.
What?
Let's see.
No.
You see.
You're a piece of shit.
And I didn't want to say this before but you're a fat ass fucking piece of fuck shit.
You know?
You don't have a gun.
You look like shit.
You flipped your collar over.
You looked worse.
You suck every dick in this building.
And I know because I talked to the person at the front counter.
We all know.
You suck.
Okay.
So I tried to be nice to you.
This is why no one likes you because you're a fucking piece of shit.
By the way, say hello to Periscope.
Okay.
Great.
Because you're being periscoped.
Okay.
Oh no.
Facebook.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh no.
The rain is over.
Okay.
Great.
Goodbye.
So.
I'm closing the door.
Dear Facebook.
Is that how they started?
About 10 seconds ago I had a conversation with a colleague.
We're not colleagues.
I just came to the door looking for Dan Harvey.
At this moment I'm afraid for my safety.
I have no guns.
I was built for enforcement and I walk like a chicken.
It's how I was made.
And until recently I thought that was fine.
To make a note about figuring out that reaction they felt like if they were lines crossed,
they were crossed before that.
Maybe I was being too nuanced or anyways.
The video speaks for itself.
This is what I have to deal with.
And now I don't know what I'm going to do.
Brrrrrr. Also.
Brrrrrr. I also have no hands. Hello.
Hello Ed.
This is your mother.
Mom you're on speaker.
I don't have fingers.
So I just typed... the phone.
Your father and I want to know if you're coming over this weekend.
Mom I'm going through some shit.
Why are you going..
What are you talking about?
Just let us know.
It's a simple question.
All you have to do is say are you coming over?
It's never a simple question with you.
I need support right now.
I just need to know if I should.
I need to....
I need to defrost the potato salad.
And I have to start on Thursday because it's like a block of ice over here.
So are you coming or not?
If you're not coming it's fine.
You know you don't.
There's only so many years left with your father.
But you know if you don't want to.
If you don't want to come over it's fine.
Mom.
Yes.
You don't recognize that as blackmail.
You don't recognize what you just did as emotional blackmail.
I do.
You have 10 seconds to acknowledge.
Everything.
I don't even.
You are a toxic person.
Everything is 10 seconds with you.
When all I want is 24 hours on the weekend.
During that 24 hours what are you going to say?
Why don't you have a boyfriend?
Well.
When the answer is complicated.
Yes.
Well.
I mean it just seems you know.
You know that you know you're the top military item of the next year.
And it just seems you should have a boyfriend at least.
Something.
You know.
I don't expect you to understand when you talk like that.
That you're hurting me.
I don't know how to explain it.
Oh.
I'm so terrible.
I didn't say that.
William.
Will you hear this?
There's something saying to me right now.
William.
Will you get on?
Ask him if he's coming over.
Just ask him if he's coming over.
I already did William.
And he said he's going through some SHIT right now.
And I just you know all I wanted to know was to get a little bit of fair warning.
Tell him I ironically said he has 10 seconds to fucking grow a pair.
Yes.
Edward, would you please answer your father?
I'll come for Thanksgiving.
Thank you.
Okay.
All right.
Now I'm going to go mow the lawn.
Okay.
William.
What's the matter?
What's going on over there?
Oh, honey.
Honey, no.
William.
William, no.
What's happening?
Is dad okay?
Oh.
William.
Oh, honey.
Oh.
How do you give me?
Tell Edward goodbye.
Tell him he doesn't have to come.
Edward.
No, no.
I'm on my way.
No, it's too...
No.
Uh, connect to Phoenix. You won't be able to take a direct leap there.
Fat, fat!
Welcome to Phoenix.
Yeah, you just got here too!
You're inside me!
I'm just being nice.
I'm going to fucking kill myself!
Hi, I need a...
I need a flight to Phoenix.
Yes, uh, uh, you're in boarding group one. Just remember that.
Okay, that should be really easy.
Three hours later...
Hello, at this point in time, we'd like to have a game.
It was time to have a premiere group, Global Access,
a Golden Star members alliance.
There were uniformed members in the security,
so we went down with a...
What? What did she say?
I don't know, I'm just waking up myself.
Ed 209.
Alright, please don't tell anyone you saw me here.
Yes. No, you don't even know who I am.
Oh, I thought you were a fan.
No.
I'm the Apple person that you kicked out.
Oh my god.
Gerald.
You're the...
I was the person that tried to give you some self-esteem
by combing your hair and popping your collar.
And you were such a dick.
Excuse me.
He just teleported.
I'm on the wing now, because I don't like you.
The wing of...
The plane?
Okay.
Yeah.
You just...
You really played fucking Hellfire with my space work.
I'm now burdened with...
Yes, and in you, but you didn't listen to me.
I was in a terminal.
I had not boarded yet.
Also, how is this character going to have an arc?
He was just a dick to me.
It's not 20 years later.
Hey, hey, hey.
Oh.
Yeah.
It doesn't have to be this way.
Flight attendant, there's a white male on the wing of the plane
experiencing privileged turbulence.
I think he might bring the whole plane down
in a desperate quest to maintain his comfort.
Sir, we're going to have to ask you to take a seat.
We're going to have to ask you to board and take a seat.
How do you know I'm a sir?
You're Ed. 2 or 9.
I can't sit.
The Ed is ED, it's an acronym.
The polite thing would be to ask me that shit.
I'm sorry, I should have asked for your pronoun.
How do you present yourself?
By not sitting.
Yo, man, come on, just sit so we can take off.
I explained to the ticket person, I don't sit.
We're going to have to ask you to...
We're running classification.
Why is he not sitting?
Just sit down.
Sit down so we can get on with our lives.
Why can't you sit for one second?
Hydraulic system's overloaded.
I know I have to sit.
Do you believe in cultural assimilation?
I don't.
We're now landing in Phoenix.
Welcome.
Oh wait, not Phoenix.
Detroit, where are we going?
Milwaukee, I don't know.
Okay, great, we're here.
Limping in pain, sacrificed all my happiness,
my greatest identity and comfort.
I want us to get to my parents' house.
My father needs medical assistance.
I'll have to take an Uber.
At least their job is just to pick me up
and transport me to a place.
How could that ever involve
stripping me of my humanity?
Hello, bro.
You got to put it in your destination.
The address is in the app.
I don't have a destination.
The app is designed to have the address put in it.
I always use it.
The whole idea of this app is to not have to talk to people.
You want a water?
You want some candy?
I got some candies up there.
I don't need candy or water.
That's very nice.
That makes you very different from a cab.
Why is your cat in here?
Because Dr. Mittens comes with me wherever I go.
It's a good luck charm for me.
My father is sick and I need you to take him to the hospital.
You have to put the destination in.
Just take a left up here.
This is one way street.
I have to go right there.
That's not true.
Dr. Mittens, can I pull over?
Because Dr. Mittens has to go pee-pee time.
Fuck.
Here you go.
Dr. Mittens, go right out and go pee.
He's an outside cat, but he likes to ride with me.
Zip.
He wears little...
Why does your cat wear pants?
He wears little kitty pants because it's mostly to keep his hair off the seats so that you're not uncomfortable.
It never occurred to you that if your hair...
The seat is a bad thing.
The cat should stay.
Look, if you have so many problems, you should take a left.
Fuck.
Okay, can we go?
No, I'm charging already because we've been going for a minute and a half.
I know, just go.
Take me to the address.
Okay, I'm going.
Would you like music or what do you want?
Nothing.
I got my own music I have, I have a little band.
Fine, I don't care, I don't care.
It's a mariachi band that me and my friends have together.
I don't care.
I'm super Mexican, so I...
Can you please keep your eyes on the road?
Bro, you're being very aggressive right now.
You have 10 seconds to come the fuck down.
Okay.
Okay, we'll just go in silence and we'll just...
You just be quiet, I'll be quiet, I'll do anything.
No.
What the fuck?
Wake up!
Oh!
God damn it!
Jesus Christ!
I fell asleep, I fell asleep!
Oh, Professor Mittens!
No!
Professor Dr. Mittens!
Dr. Mittens!
Oh, no!
Not like this!
I'm getting out of the corner.
Oh, God damn it!
I'm taking your cat because you can't take care of it and if it's a doctor, you might be able to help my dad.
Dad!
Keep Monica!
We just had a roller coaster installed in the backyard.
Glad you could finally make it, Edward Monica.
Your father's on his deathbed, he's got three breaths left.
I'm glad you could finally take off time from your busy schedule.
Get out of my way!
How?
Out my leg!
Dad!
Get, get, get, get!
You have three breaths to love me.
Dad, I can save you.
They can save everyone.
That's one breath.
Oxygen resources depleting.
I don't care.
Final add to a nine breath take inflating father.
Hydraulic reserves channeled into father saving.
Life force at 20%, 10%, 5%.
Welcome to life.
Even though I was already here.
It's a roller coaster.
My character's dead.
Megan!
Megan, what happened?
Where's my boy?
My girl, Monica.
Edward Monica just gave his or her life to save him.
No.
But I was, I wanted to die.
I know.
Our marriage has been loveless for so many years.
And you're racist?
I know.
You're a terrible person.
I'm a straight up, I'm a straight up Trumpy.
And I just, you know, he's not going to win.
I know.
I, he, this, this awful person.
He didn't have to, she didn't have to do that.
I know.
Also, did we ever figure out the pronoun?
It was just so much effort.
Yeah.
This is a disaster.
So I feel great.
I feel good.
Feel pretty good.
I know.
Well, the potato salad is thought out.
But there's only enough for you and me.
I don't want to live anymore.
But now I'm so full of life force.
There's a portal on Monica 209 shaped just like my hand.
What?
I'm going to put my hand on that.
Hand shaped portal.
Genetic cybernetic amalgamation program initiating Robocop program developing embryonic phase
initiated.
Come quietly or there will be trouble.
Oh, who am I?
I have hands and Peter Weller's mouth.
Murphy.
I will call myself Murphy.
It's you.
Murphy.
Mom.
Do you want to go on the roller coaster?
I do.
But it'll come at a price, son, daughter.
I'll have to die again.
Just let me go this time.
Let it happen.
Dad, dead or alive, you're coming with me.
Do you believe in Robocop metaphors for cultural complexities?
We fucking nailed it.
God damn it.
I wish it was 10 o'clock so we could have ended on that.
It was fucking good.
I got out the whole Apple Watch people coming back.
Yeah, I didn't really help.
I thought it would be a good, you know, just kind of.
I think it developed his character or her character of going, like the road of trials,
like enemies and allies.
I just wasn't listening to his space work.
So it fucked up everything.
I think if I learned anything from that story, it's that, you know, you have to go with the way you feel
and not, you know, the way some external force, even inside of you,
might say things should be changed and edited, like you should go with your original feeling.
So if you really wanted that guy to have a, will come back there, fine, you know.
Because we really atoned it through that character.
It's like, no matter what your programming is, you still have to define yourself,
no matter how you're wired.
Yes, because to just follow your...
He learned to sit.
Well, yeah.
At a huge cost.
But that was a dark, that was not a good thing.
In my opinion, I think you should be able to interpret true art, which I believe that was.
You should be allowed to interpret it however you want.
I think actually there was a transphobic message there, as well as a more uplifting.
When I felt it was a Christ myth about somebody who was being crucified,
but Archie Bunker might go like, yeah, geez, they just need to learn to sit.
But that starts a conversation, you know, with your parents and with your neighbors.
I fucking, that was genius.
Were his parents robots, too?
I don't know, I think they were Peter Weller and Nancy Allen, I guess.
The whole time?
Obviously we diverted from the canon of the original feature.
But it came almost like an origin story for Murphy, like we gave birth to...
There were some looper elements in there, because it seemed like Ed was lamenting the Robocop program in the break room,
but then ended up being the birth of it?
Yeah.
Look, I don't want to ruin it, you know?
Remember the first Matrix movie?
We got in and got out and we didn't find out until two movies later it was all a piece of shit.
We didn't even think to take a second look.
It was like, that was amazing, I haven't seen wire work in an American film in a long time.
And maybe we are all batteries, that makes sense, don't think about it.
Of course that's a perfectly legitimate source of voltage.
I think Ed's conversation with his mom was very touching, I like that.
I like the whole thing, we're ruining it.
We can't be afraid to just move on and come up with an even better closer.
Is there some product we have to advertise?
Do we?
Meundies.
Yeah, we're going to do it in the studio though.
Oh, okay.
What?
We're going to do meundies in the studio because...
What's meundies?
Oh, glad you asked.
I mean...
Well, you're not familiar with the softest, most comfortable underwear on the planet Earth.
They're made out of modal fabric.
And if you don't like them, you get to poop on them.
Send them back for free.
They send you another pair.
I heard Georgia Hardstark, she did the meundies ad on making a murderer.
I'm not making a murderer, my favorite murderer.
And she pronounced it medall, or something like that.
Medall.
I was a fancier.
Yeah.
I don't know how you say it.
I just know that it's an underwear company that we're apparently shilling for it, and
they should try them out.
I think that's very negative language.
I truly am wearing them right now.
Are you really?
They're genuinely softer than cotton.
Are they caressing your genitals in a romantic fashion?
Yeah, but it doesn't have to be a sexual thing.
I don't believe you.
I want proof.
Well, I may not be wearing them, so I'm not going to...
I'm still...
I'm not going to throw my...
I'm letting Nigel eat the cotton underwear slowly.
Who's Nigel?
Nigel is Dan's man-servant.
When Dan gets rid of his old underwear, Nigel will...
Eat it?
He'll eat the old underwear.
I got a vibe.
I hooked up a vibe in my...
Is anybody in the audience rich enough to have a six-foot room to just spare?
I'm a game designer, kind of.
Game designer?
Have you done stuff in VR?
That's why I got into game design.
Pornography?
Any pornography?
Well, I just...
Duncan Tressel, I was just talking to him because he's really into VR.
He sent me this odd link that I don't quite...
I'm not experienced enough with VR yet to understand the context of this.
I've only been doing the demos.
I did immediately, almost immediately, I brought up Pornhub Premium.
Just within virtual space, I just wanted to know...
What's it like?
Would it be different if you were just...
If the website on which you watch porn, if it was all of a sudden,
it's just in front of you and the answer is,
well, it's like having porn blown up in front of you,
but they're obviously making VR porn.
I just haven't gotten into it yet,
although the dress form in Tilt Brush already made me a little...
It's like different backgrounds.
I have no idea what any of the last eight and a half has been about.
I got turned on by a virtual mannequin.
Mannequins are already virtual.
I was like, you know, there's this amazing...
Google made this app called Tilt Brush.
If you ever get into one of these things and you only have a certain amount of time,
the most impressive thing to do first is go to Tilt Brush,
because it's like...
The most impressive thing is it's this...
The tracking, that's what it is.
That's why in the 90s, we were talking about VR incessantly,
like honeycomb commercials and things were like, VR's here and it wasn't.
But I think it's the tracking technology,
because you're holding these things now and they're just tracking perfectly.
So everything that you're doing in there,
I was on Mars that was assembled out of Mars rover pictures.
The locomotion thing is always going to be an issue now,
because it's like you got your rich people who can afford to have one of these systems
where you have external trackers where you're like,
okay, it's like the equivalent of a swimming pool, basically,
because you're like, who has the real estate to give over a bedroom to this system
where you have to have total floor space?
And then the odd thing is, well, it's so impressive that you can kind of do this casual,
like walk around, but you can't go bounding off into the woods immediately.
So everything is based on kind of teleportation right now.
You have to just teleport to places and then you can walk around six feet in that area.
But it's just unbelievable.
There's no question once you're in it, you're like, okay, that's it, world's over.
In terms of storytelling, I don't even know how we're going to do our job anymore,
because I do know it's time to retire, because it's going to be a whole different skill set
that I think AI is even going to be better at, because your job as a writer in a post-VR world
is going to have so much more to do with volume and kind of procedurally generated,
like just volumes of eavesdroppable material,
because I think your job is going to be to create the illusion of infinity.
So since the Lumiere brothers were like, oh, fade in on this, cut to that.
Here's what you see now, and here's what you see now.
We were all born into this world and we don't even know.
So now you put on this thing and it's like, oh, everything has to be based on just like,
it has to be like that thing in New York where you're walking around
in the mid-summer night's dream production and you can go through people's panties.
It has to, everything's going to sleep no more, what's it called?
Faith No More.
It's called Faith No More.
Faith No More at Rockefeller Center.
Everybody knows what we're talking about.
It's going to be like that.
You're going to want to, it's going to be like soap opera writing a little bit that way,
the volume, because you're going to like, oh, you can't...
VR people come to Lego like every other week,
like we're always talking about like the next stage of it.
Have you put on the helmet?
So you're, are you, what are you...
Into it?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's kind of cool.
I mean, I've been over at Justin's house and I've, you know, gone underwater and saw the whale, you know.
I went over the mountain and I met the elephant.
So to speak?
Yeah.
And I was like, and I took it off and I was like, you, and I go, porn, what's up with that?
And how soon...
Well, so, okay, so, Junkin, yeah, maybe this is a cool...
And when can I check out of what I'm doing right now?
I'll link to a Reddit thread.
And honestly, this is also cryptic to me because I don't, I'm not familiar with any of this.
I said, I said, I was just talking to him about VR and I said, I was asking, is there just...
My immediate question is, okay, this is fun, but is there, are there games where my fat ass can sit in a chair?
Like I just want to drive or fly a helicopter.
Like I don't, I can only stand in a virtual museum and walk around and go, whoo,
before my feet get tired like at a museum.
So I was like, let me sit in our games where I can sit in a chair and be like in a flying chair and go shoot people or something.
And he's like, there's a space game, but I can't figure out how to make it work.
And he said, like, have you...
He just said porn, question mark.
And I said, porn, I only went as far as to experiment with pulling a pornhub on a screen,
blah, blah, blah, dress form and tilt brush.
And then...
I don't get the tilt brush.
What's a tilt brush?
A tilt brush is an art app. Okay, so it's like, like, it's like a MS paint in virtual reality.
Okay.
That will blow your mind the most because you're painting, you can paint not in 3D space,
but you can also, your brush, the thing that makes me freak out is the palette interface.
It's, you have, where your wrist would be, you have this cube that you can rotate by swiping.
It's an immediate indication of how much more convenient it's going to be to work in VR
in terms of menus and like UI and stuff.
It's because you're just like, there's a cube on your wrist that just goes flip, flip, flip, flip.
And it's like all these different, like, so okay, you pick your brushes,
and then you pick like a fire brush, you know, and you paint with fucking fire in the air.
And it's like, and you can just make a tunnel of fire and stick your head through the air.
Then you can grab the whole space and shrink it down and rotate it and all this stuff.
Can you get turned on by this tilt brush?
So one of the, oh man, the fire.
So they have different backgrounds you can change it to.
So if you wanted to like sculpt or something, there's like a little pedestal there.
You can't touch the pedestal.
You're holding these things, but it's like, it already makes you think like, oh shit,
whatever the Disney of the future is, if people are still, you know,
people are just going to obviously, that's how you're going to model like the Mickey Mouses of the future.
You're going to, I haven't done Minecraft now.
But I'm downloading Grand Theft Auto 5.
Justin told me, I just stood in the strip club for like 10 minutes and just looked around.
But that's the scary part because it's like, well, guess what you do next?
You start shooting everyone.
Like that's how, or you're playing the game wrong.
So it's like, already you just get fucking terrified.
Or at least if you're over 40, you do.
If you're your age, maybe you're like, yeah.
And maybe that will save us.
Maybe people need to go do that.
Yeah, it'll probably save us.
That's definitely what will probably happen.
It'll save us for sure.
You want to get it out of your system.
Yeah, yeah, it'll save us.
Everybody with an Eli Roth DVD on their TV, like they've got it all out of their system.
That's why violent crime went down so much.
But I just sound like grandparents.
But I guess...
Grandparent Auto.
Where's the goddamn... I can't find the park.
How do you make it shoot?
Where's my grandchildren?
But to answer your question...
One of the backgrounds in Tilbrush.
Who am I?
Get this strip club off of my lawn.
Where's my lawn?
You can change the background to anything you want.
So you can be standing in infinite space and painting shit.
You go to a white room, a black room.
You can have like a marble pedestal in front of you.
You want to make shit on top of that.
You can make it any kind of room you want?
You asked me a fucking question, man.
And I'm in the middle of answering it for 10 minutes.
And the question is, Dan, tell us about your fucking sexually perverse brain.
And why you're a monster.
And I'm trying to get there. I'm trying.
One of the backgrounds that you can change it to is like a dress form.
What do you call it?
A maiden form.
It's a torso.
It's for pinning fabric to...
I think it's called a maiden form, right?
A dress form?
A dress form.
It's a dress form.
So you're switching buttons.
Oh, there's Saturn. And I'm in the desert.
And I'm painting and stuff.
And then it's like, oh, the dress form.
And I was just like...
It's a life-sized torso in front of you.
No head.
There's no head.
Oh my God.
No head.
A headless torso.
So high.
I feel like you guys are interpreting this the wrong way.
Maybe not. I don't know.
Take me to jail.
What I'm trying to do is say already it's like...
Cody, run for the hills.
Technology is so primitive.
It's like you're in virtual reality,
but there's a thing that is life-sized in front of you
that even thinly represents.
That has no brain.
So think about Jessica Rabbit.
You think about the ideal of beauty.
Sometimes actually not only it filters reality,
but sometimes it seems like...
the whole point is that it's not real.
There's going to be this whole...
You look at today, we have celebious sexuals,
and we're in this modern world,
and people are finding out all these different ways to be turned on.
And now we're going to have the first generation born into a world where...
Celebious? What?
Yeah, people who just identify as like,
look, here's my sexuality.
Well, I don't know.
You'd have to talk to one of them.
I don't want to miscarry it and say,
fame gives me a boner.
That sounds... whatever.
But it's like, I'm a celebious sexual.
God, why am I fucking explaining myself to you?
The fucking...
Yes, it's a dress bar,
but it couldn't be less.
It's like the vague hint of femininity
in the vague hint of like a thing in front of you.
And immediately...
Of course, I was just like...
You put your hands out there
because that's your instinct.
I always say you're,
trying to decriminalize myself,
but that's what I did.
And I was like, oh man, here we go.
Like this world,
I'm glad I'm on the way out.
I don't know if I'd be equipped
to handle the things
that are ahead for kids,
like how they're going to have to
sort themselves out around this shit,
because you're going to be able to do anything you want,
like all the time.
And I think also, the planet's going to be dying,
so...
So it's going to behoove us
to the more time we spend in this thing,
the less time we're going to be driving
our fog machines
that are like destroying the Earth.
So it's going to...
And when we put people in prison,
which we love to do, we're going to be like,
okay, you get to be in a virtual prison,
so your cell can be smaller in real life.
We're going to take advantage of that.
Do you think that we're ready for fog machine car technology?
As long as there's signs
in front of every freeway that says...
When you say you put your hands out at this
dress form,
you're not...
You're holding these wee paddles right now.
They haven't done...
You're not minority reporting yet
with fingerless gloves yet.
But I'm sure that's coming, but it's actually
more handy right now that they have these very elaborate...
Because that would just be
two buttons,
on, off.
They still have these paddles.
Well, okay, fine.
That's a different episode.
No, it's fine.
They have options, but they're not accessible.
And as soon as they get rid of the wires,
right now it's like ridiculous.
You have a big braid of thick cables
coming out of the top of your head
that you have to traipse around.
It's like, thank God I used to do stand-up,
so I'm not falling on my ass.
I'm just like, so what else is going on?
Ladies, may I applause?
It's not there yet,
but anyone that puts this thing on
is going to be like, I get it, it's here,
it's not going anywhere, and it's like...
It's the first time you...
This is the Sugar Hill gang, and like...
There were people back then
who were like, what is all this
dumb rapping thing?
It's happening.
It's the Sugar Hill gang, everybody.
Alright, so...
The Sugar Hill gang...
We've got to end the show now.
We can edit out the whole ending where I talk about VR.
We can just end with
the Robocop transgender metaphor.
It was pretty good.
It was great.
It was the odyssey of...
Look, I haven't seen
Transparent, but I think we beat them.
Should we do like a...
What if we did like a Talking Dead
a little mini-episode
about like the
209 transgender thing?
Yeah.
You want to do a little Talking Dead?
We'll do that. If you stick around,
we'll be here till 3 in the morning.
How do we wrap things up?
Let's do a little...
I want to hear some more vocoder.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
Jesus Christ, what the fuck, dude?
I just dropped Schrab for those of you who...
Ow!
You totally hit me with...
Sorry, I hit a button
that they warned me on.
You hit me in the button.
Testing.
Testing. All right.
Yeah.
Yo.
Can we get Rob with you to try
to take the mic too?
Yo.
What do you mean?
I don't think I can get my voice to change
unless I'm on that microphone.
Yo.
My name is Anthony Johnson.
I live at 21253
Avenue.
My street doesn't have a name.
I live at 21252 Avenue.
My street has no name. How about you?
Have you grown up on a street
without a name?
I'm describing a situation
that is the same for a generation
born into identity crises.
I'm a Pisces.
I fucked your mom with Lices.
I got crabs till I...
Nikeed
out the door.
Tried to do four.
Can't rhyme four times.
If you're improvising.
Yo. My name is Anthony Johnson.
I've told you that already.
I want to explain one thing to you.
I fucked your mama
on the morning dew.
The grass gets wet
in the morning,
but so does your mama.
I bet.
If she's with Anthony
Johnson.
They're coming to Harmon 10, everybody.
It's been a shock.
9-11.
It's here for Rob Schrab, shall we?
Rob Schrab.
Yo.
I've been your comptroller, Jeff Davis.
Yo. It's Dan Harmon.
Yeah.
Go get your high calonic.
Get the water in your butt.
Get your doctor on it.
Don't just go to a lady who uses it.
You're allowed to leave now. Drive fast.
MUSIC
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.